- [Announcer] Within the JMS API,
the producer interface is used to send messages
to a JMS Queue or topic.
Since JMS 2.0, the approach for creating a producer
and sending a message has been significantly simplified
by annotations.
Let's take a look.
We're going to go ahead and create a new class
within our JAX-RS project in the calm.LinkedIn package.
So just use the dialogue to create a new class.
And we're going to call this class JMS service.
We'll go ahead and make it.
And then we're going to add the application
scoped annotation to this class
to make it an application scoped bean.
So we can go ahead, import that annotation.
And then what we're going to do
is add a method to this class
that's simply going to be named send.
And that method is going to take a string as a message.
From here, we're going to inject the actual Queue
that we would like to send the message to.
To do that, we can use the resource annotation.
And we're going to create a field of type Queue
and we'll just call it the hsports Queue.
Now, when we use the resource annotation,
we can provide the JNDI name for the queue.
So let's go ahead and specify that
using the mapped name element on that annotation.
And if you remember when we created the queue,
we defined this JNDI name
and it was /JMS/queue/HsportsQueue.
Okay, now another thing that we'll do here
is inject the JMS context.
So we're going to use the inject annotation
and then we're going to create a new field
of type JMS context.
This is a combination of the session and the connection.
And then we're going to also add
the JMS connection factory annotation.
And this is going to allow us to get a hook
to the JMS context.
It also has a JNDI name which we'll specify
and it's /connectionfactory.
Okay, all this exists
within our Java EE application server wildFly.
Now that we have set up the different fields we need,
we have our send method.
Let's go ahead and write some code
to send a message to our queue from our producer.
So we'll just create a try catch block,
in order to catch any exceptions that may occur.
And if we get an exception we'll print out the stack trace.
And then within this try-catch,
we're going to go ahead and make a text message.
So this is the message that JMS is going to pass
from the producer to the consumer.
And we can use the context to create a text message.
And that method to do that is called create text message
pretty obvious.
And then within there we're just going to pass the message
that we received as a parameter to our send method.
And that will create our text message
that we're going to use our producer to send.
So to get the producer, we can use the context
and there's a create producer method on the context.
And that producer has a send method
and it requires us to provide a destination,
in this case it's going to be our hSportsqueue.
And then we need to provide a message.
So we created that text message,
which will supply as the second argument to that method.
And then I'm just going to add a little console output
so we can see that the message was actually sent.
And we'll just say the message was sent to the queue.
So if we take a look here,
we're getting an error on our send method.
And that's because we imported the wrong queue.
So I'm going to go ahead and remove that import.
This time I'm going to be careful to select the JMS Queue.
And now our producer is all set to send messages
to the JMS Queue.
So with our producer prepared,
we need to find a way to actually send the message.
So we're going to go to our inventory item endpoint class
and you'll remember this is the resource
that we created within JAX-RS.
And we can inject our producer into this class.
So let's create a new field of type JMS service.
And we'll just call this the JMS service.
And we can go ahead import those types.
And now CDI has injected our JMS service into this resource
that was created with JAX-RS.
And we are able to then use our JMS service
and it's send method to send a message.
And in this case, we're just going to get the name
of the newly created inventory item.
So we have the inventory item being passed in,
we can get its name
and we're going to send that as a JMS text message.
So here you can see that the JMS producer
also qualifies for dependency injection
if we make it a bean.
Alright, so that concludes our look at the JMS Producer,
we'll move on and create a consumer
that's actually going to be able to read this message
off of the queue that we created.